INTRODUCTION
M: 10 years ago...
M: I walked this same path that reached the other side of a town that, at the time...
M: I would call home.
M: The new buildings and paved walkways made the little rural town I grew up in almost unrecognizable, but something about being back here, for the first time… since I lost someone...
M: made everything feel more familiar. 
M: This time last Spring, my Mother, after a long battle, succumbed to her illness and passed on. 
M: I spent the last four seasons grieving, letting time pass by…wishing things were different...
M: Until I realized, even if time seemed to stop in my cramped room… Seasons were still changing outside. And I was missing all of it. 
M: As last winter’s snow began to melt, signaling the coming of a new school term
M: my remaining family gently suggested to finish my last year as a high school student in a more familiar setting.
M: My hometown.
M: In the distance, I see trees dotted with flush colored blossoms, slowly growing near.
MC: Cherry blossoms. Those were her favorite.
M: I stop in the middle of the road, basking in the comfortable Spring breeze, recalling the times my mom would drag me to the cherry blossom viewings.
M: We’ve been to many different ones, but…
M: Nothing could ever compare to my home town’s blossoms. 
Haruka: They’re pretty, aren’t they?
MC: Huh?
M: I turn to see a small girl with blush colored hair, gazing at the same tree I was dazed by. 
MC: Yeah... too bad they don’t last very long, though. 
Haruka: Hm…
M: The girl shakes her head, still admiring the budding flowers. 
Haruka: Isn’t that part of their beauty, though? The fact you know they won’t be there long, but…
Haruka: you spend extra time looking at them anyways?
MC: …
Haruka: In the countryside, there are so many wonderful plants and flowers that bloom year-round.
Haruka: But people always make a big event of seeing the ones that don’t last long. It must be because they’re temporary, don’t you think?
M: Temporary…
M: So many unhappy memories attached to a single word. If there’s anything I’ve learned this past year…it’s that...
M: the only permanent thing in life is the passage of time.
M: And time takes away things.
MC: I guess that means we just take things for granted, then.
M: The girl laughs a bit.
Haruka: That’s a bit dark!
M: She turns to me, the slight breeze catching her hair.
Haruka: I’d like to think…
Haruka: We just know how to especially appreciate things enough, before they go.
M: Before they go…
M: 10 years ago, I walked this same path.
M: This time, I’m walking on a branching path that wasn’t paved before, to the other side of a town that
M: Is no longer my home.

SPRING 1
MC: Ah… so tiring!
M: I let out a relieved sigh and stretch out in relief on my desk. I just completed my first day at my new high school.
M: Besides the fact it’s been almost a year since I’ve been through a proper school day, everyone was excited to see a new transfer student, especially a senior. 
MC: I’ve spent so much time in the city that I forgot how easily things can become news in a small town.
MC: Where to now…
M: Even if I won’t be here long, it won’t do me any good if I’m getting lost all semester. 
M: I proceed to explore the school, taking mental note of each turn…
M: …
M: …?
M: ...er, or so I thought. I forgot how many turns I made and now I don’t even know which way to start backtracking. Shoot...
MC: Why does every classroom look the same?? Am I even in the same building… 
Haruka: Ah, sorry to bother, but do you think you might be lost? 
M: I hear a small yet familiar sounding voice from behind me. 
M: D-Did I just say what I said before out loud?? Oh crap...
MC: Uhhh, yes, yes I am. I just transferred here, so... 
M: SmallTalk.exe not found. 
M: I turn around and see a small-framed girl with blush colored hair and bright green eyes. Oh, I thought she sounded familiar… it’s the cherry blossom girl I had a strange conversation with earlier.
Haruka: Oh!
M: Before I could confirm my assumptions, Haruka’s face beamed with the same sudden realization.
Haruka: I saw you while walking to school, didn’t I? Sorry for not introducing myself earlier. My name is Haruka Furukawa, you introduced yourself to my class today.
MC: Ah, nice to properly meet you.
Haruka: You just moved here, right? This school can be pretty confusing. If I’m not paying attention I could easily walk pass our classroom too, hehe.
M: Our classroom…? I look to my right, and sure enough, there’s a familiar sign clearly labelled with my classroom number.
M: Shit.
MC: O-Oh... I really was lost. Thank you, I would’ve been in circles for hours. 
M: I could feel my face glow with embarrassment.
Haruka: Hehe. You’re not wrong though, this school is pretty modern, so many of the hallways look similar.
MC: That’s for sure.
M: Hmm... I hate to ask a stranger, but at this rate, I’ll be walking in circles the rest of my high school life.
MC: Haruka, I don’t really know anyone else at this school, so… if you’re not busy, do you think you could show me around?
Haruka: Hm? 
M: I felt a second wave of embarrassment take over. Our conversation earlier wasn’t the most… conventional. I’m not so sure someone like Haruka would want to show some gloomy guy around.
M: Before I could turn any redder, Haruka smiles shyly.
Haruka: Sure! If you don’t mind me. I can show you around right now, if you’d like. 
MC: I would appreciate that. Thank you.
Haruka: Great! I’ll show you the library first, it’s my favorite place… 
M: She shows me around the library, field, and other school facilities.
M: We naturally make small talk.
MC: If the library is your favorite place, I’m guessing you’re the studious type, then?
Haruka: Mmm I try! But, I’m still nowhere near as diligent as our class rep. I don’t usually go to the library to just study, though.
MC: Hm? What else would you do there?
Haruka: Mm I dunno, sometimes read, sometimes just have time to myself
MC: I see...
M: Time to herself? She definitely doesn’t seem like an introvert to me. Especially with her rather uh… interesting cherry blossom dialogue earlier… 
Haruka: Mhm! But… that’s not as often. I usually go out with friends after school if I have the time, although it’s hard to find new things to do in such a small town, hehe 
MC: Heh. Tell me about it. That’s one thing I’ll miss from the city.
M: Going out with friends after school, idling time away in the library… she’s living the dream high school life. Plus she can easily make conversation with a stranger. With a personality like that, she probably gets along well with anyone.
M: I wish… that stuff came easily to me, too.
M: We spend a while conversing, Haruka kindly showing me all the important places.
Haruka: Aaand, were back to the classroom. I tried to cover all the important places… 
MC: Already? Time flew... I really owe you one.
M: The copper sunset shines through the hall windows. A lot of time really had passed… It was going to get dark soon. 
M: Haruka notices me staring out the window, and looks at the dim sky as well. 
Haruka: Ah! It’s already getting dark, I should get going… 
M: Oh no… I kept her here this long, I feel bad. Should I offer to walk her home? Maybe that’s too bold to ask right now… but… 
M: The right thing to do is offer to walk her home. Plus, maybe I’ll get to know her a bit better. It’s been a while since I’ve really… made friends...
MC: Haruka, it’s my fault for keeping you out this late. Is it okay I walk you home?
Haruka: Oh! D-Don’t worry… you don’t have to… 
MC: I know, but it’s the least I can do. Is it okay, then?
Haruka: Ah sure… thank you... 
M: We grab our things and make our way out the school. That’s when my thoughts begin to wander. 
M: We just met but… she seems awfully generous to show a stranger around. And then that conversation near the blossoms as well… it seems a bit odd…
M: Unlike before, Haruka was strangely quiet.
M: And why didn’t she notice who I was earlier…? Is it really just a coincidence?
M: I think hard. I want to ask her straight out, but I don’t want to come off accusatory. I need evidence. I don’t know how to approach this, I just met her after all… 
M: Just think… what can I say to figure this out…? 
SPRING 1 GOOD END
M: The answer hits me like cold water to the face. That’s right!
M: How could she not recognize me earlier, if she noticed that I was lost? That seems highly unlikely. I’ll ask her about that. 
M: Before I could say anything, Haruka stops in front of a small apartment complex.
Haruka: Well, this is where I live. Thank you for walking me all this way. 
MC: …
MC: Haruka, before you go… can I ask you something?
Haruka: Hm? 
MC: Earlier, when I was lost, you acted like you didn’t recognize me, but… 
MC: You knew who I was, right? Since you said you saw me pass the classroom. 
M: Haruka’s surprised look slowly melts into a shy smile.
Haruka: Mm… you caught me, haha. I...
Haruka: ...I actually knew you were the transfer student all along. Even when we were at the road with cherry blossoms. In a small town, there’s no way I wouldn’t recognize you unless you were a new student.
Haruka: And then today... I saw you pass by our class a few times and I could tell you were lost. So I thought it was a perfect opportunity to talk to you.
MC: Talk to me? Why me? 
Haruka: Because I wanted to be the one to help you, since...
Haruka: I actually only transferred here a year ago, last Spring. Due to unfortunate circumstances, I had to leave my high school midway and start a new life here.
Haruka: So I know what it feels like to feel overwhelmed, and it can get pretty lonely if you have no one to talk to, so… 
Haruka: … let’s get along, okay? 
M: Her voice trails off at the end, that I could barely catch the last part. I let out a relieving laugh and feel my nerves subside. For the first time in a while, I felt like I had made a friend. A friend I could relate to.    
MC: Yes, I’d really like that. If we’re going to get along, don’t be afraid to be up front with me, okay? Anyways, sorry to ask that out of the blue, I’ll let you get going.
MC: I’ll see you tomorrow, Haruka. 
M: I wave, and start walking away. But out of the corner of my eye
M: I realize Haruka was the same shade of red I was when we first met. 
SPRING 1 BAD END
M: ...I analyzed the situation, over and over, but…
M: I just couldn’t figure out how to approach the subject. Maybe it’s just a coincidence after all. Before I could think of anything to say, Haruka stops in front of a small apartment complex.
Haruka: Well, this is where I live. Thank you for walking me all this way.
MC: No problem. Well, see you tomorrow
Haruka: See… you...
M: As I make my way down the street, I can’t help but feel as if there was a slight sound of disappointment in her words. And the fact she seemed to not recognize me earlier still seems… far fetched…
M: I do my best to shake it off. It’s probably all just in my head, right? At least, I’ve met someone new at this school. 

SPRING 2
M: I go into class and spend most of the day attempting to stay focused. Lunch break. I’m prepared to eat lunch by myself in the cafeteria again.
M: The past few weeks have flown by, and I’ve began to adjust to my new high school life. There are days harder than others, but meeting new people and even going to school and doing schoolwork have helped a lot.
M: ...and then there’s Haruka. I find that the better days are when I get to walk home and chat with her.
M: I hear Haruka giggling softly with a group of people around her.
MC: Must be nice to have such a radiating aura around yourself like that… 
M: Haruka momentarily stops her conversation and peers over at me. She smiles and waves.
MC: That’s right… we’re friends, too.
M: To my surprise, Haruka gets out of her seat and walk towards my desk. 
Haruka: Would you like to eat inside the classroom together? I made extra bento.
MC: O-Oh, yeah, that sounds great.
M: Homemade bento… it’s been a while.
M: We spend time eating and exchanging normal small talk about life and classes. It’s just small talk about daily things, yet somehow it never feels boring or repetitive with Haruka. She always manages to emit this positive aura.
M: As she continues telling me a funny story about our old literature teacher, I take a bite of the breaded katsu she prepared.
MC: Ahhh that was so good! Where’d you learn to cook so well? 
Haruka: My mom taught me! She used to spend a lot of time cutting fruit into cute shapes, shaping things into hearts. And somehow made it taste really delicious too
M: Haruka’s mother seems really caring, I can see where Haruka gets it from. I remember my own Mom would make me lunches to take to school, even up until…
M: ...
MC: That’s sweet, does she still make you lunch still?
M: Haruka shyly fidgets and looks down at her food, continuing to eat. 
Haruka: Umm- You see...
M: I was worried at her expression at first, but her voice seemed calm and open as she began to speak. 
Haruka: Before I entered high school, my father passed away in an accident. So my mom works full-time now to support my brother and I... 
M: As Haruka’s words began to fade off, I felt a surge of guilt in my chest. Before I could apologize however, Haruka’s demeanor perks up as quickly as it dimmed down.
Haruka: She taught me everything she knew, before she went back to work. So in a way I still get to enjoy her lunches. She’s really amazing!
MC: Oh… I’m sorry, I didn’t… 
Haruka: Mm! Don’t worry about it, I don’t mind sharing. I’m glad you liked it though, hehe. I’ve been practicing a lot lately.
M: Haruka smiles at me, seemingly unbothered.
Haruka: How about you? Is your mother a good chef, too? 
MC: ...
M: I don’t know how to answer that. I want to make sure Haruka is okay, since I may have unintentionally brought up painful memories for her, but… 
M: How do I do that when the spotlight is on me now? I don’t know how to really answer while being fully honest... 
M: A familiar feeling emerges. The same emotion I felt when I was deep in thought while walking Haruka home that one day… sending me to a strange place where I collected keys until I knew what to say.
M: Wherever I’m going, please let it help me unlock the right thing to say.
SPRING 2 GOOD END
M: Just like before, the physical world comes back into view. A new sense of confidence takes over.
M: That’s right… it’s scary, but, if I want to learn more about Haruka, I have to open up too.
MC: …
Haruka: Hm?
MC: She was.
Haruka: …?
Haruka: ...oh! I--
MC: It’s okay, I don’t mind talking about it. She was a fantastic cook, and made me lunches to take to school, even in high school. Even when she was sick, she made sure I ate well.
MC: That’s actually why I transferred here, so...I really appreciate that you reached out. Especially even more now that I know that you too...
M: My words hung in the air.
Haruka: …
MC: ...
Haruka: You know… I don’t really talk much about these things with my friends. I never want to bring down the mood, so I try to divert attention away when topics like that come up.
Haruka: When my father passed away, my whole world stopped. Everyday life was completely different from then on, and I didn’t know how to process it. So I just continued to dismiss my feelings...
Haruka: So you being able to talk about it, and relate… It makes me happy. That I feel like I can talk a bit more freely about these things with you.
Haruka: And... I’m sorry for your loss, too.
MC: Haruka… 
MC: I don’t think you bring down the mood. I’m sure your friends care about your feelings, too.
Haruka: That’s true… but... all they’ve seen is the happy Haruka. Aloof Haruka, Haruka who studies hard and says silly things.
Haruka: I don’t want to be rejected if they see this part of me.
MC: I understand it’s scary but... you talked about it with me, didn’t you?
Haruka: Yeah, you’re right. And it worked out. Maybe, little by little… I can show them this side, too.
Haruka: Until then, can I confide in you?
M: I felt heat rise from my face. It’s difficult to explain… this topic is difficult for me to talk about, but somehow… I feel so happy. Overwhelmed, I muster up a meager response.
MC: Of course.
Haruka: Hehe. Alright! In exchange, I’ll make you more food next time I try something. So don’t get sick of my cooking, kay?
M: Like I said before, there are days harder than others… and the better days are when I get to talk with Haruka.
M: In the short time I’ve moved back to my town, however…
M: This might be one of the best.
SPRING 2 BAD END
M: Just like before, the physical world comes back into view. I can’t talk about it… and I feel like it would just take the attention off of Haruka, anyways.
M: I clear my throat and make an attempt to give a mostly honest answer.
MC: She’s pretty good, but she doesn’t make me food anymore.
Haruka: Oh, I see… 
Haruka: Well, we all have to grow up at some point, don’t we? Hehe. Anyways, what do you think of the chicken? I don’t know if its too greasy…
M: The topic naturally shifted to something different, and that was that. I never really learned more about her or her father from that conversation, and there wasn’t much of an opportunity to bring it up again.
M: It’s not easy to open up, so perhaps if I did… she would feel more comfortable talking about it.
Haruka: Oh, break time is almost over. Hehe, this was fun! I’ll make you food again some time.
MC: Oh, yeah… thank you, I would appreciate it.
M: I watch her pack up and walk back to her assigned seat. The rest of the day was a blur, and I couldn’t shake off the lingering feeling of regret. 
MC: Haruka… 
M: Like I said before, there are days harder than others… and the better days are when I get to talk with Haruka. But today, even though I ate lunch with her...
M: This day was hard.

SPRING 3
M: Midterms were handed back today. More than half the term already passed by. I look down at my paper, clearly marked with a red 73.
MC: Barely made it… I wonder how Haruka did…
Student A: Haruka wait!! 
Student B: Haruka!
M: A small commotion emerges from the corner of the classroom. By the time I look over, I see two girls standing up from their desks, and another girl with pink hair run out the room with papers in her hand.
MC: Haruka…?
M: I jolt out of my seat and head over to the students that called out her name. Those girls… I usually see them around Haruka. Without thinking, I immediately approach one of them.
MC: What happened?
Student A: I don’t know! She got her test back and went all silent… then ran off without saying anything...
Student B: She’s left like that before. Albeit, not as sudden as this…
Student A: I’m worried!! Should we go find her? We never know where she goes…
M: I let the two girls talk amongst themselves. My focus shifts to finding Haruka… it seems really out of character for her to leave like that. Where would she go, though?
M: My mind flashes back to our previous conversations and interactions.
Haruka: I’ll show you the library first, its my favorite place… 
MC: That’s right, the library! I run out of the classroom and down the hall, recounting the way Haruka showed me the first day I came to this school 
M: ...and finally, I arrive to the familiar room, and see a pink fluff of hair in the corner table.
MC: Haruka…?
Haruka: Ah! O-Oh… it’s you… 
M: Her eyes appeared puffy and red. She sniffles a few times as I walk over.
MC: Are you okay...?
Haruka: Ahaha… yeah… just didn’t do that well and… yeah, haha…Sorry for creating such a commotion back there. I just needed some air...
MC: Hmm…
MC: You know, you can talk to me about your problems Haruka. I’m your friend.
Haruka: …
Haruka: … thank you … 
M: Haruka’s tone dims, and the usual ring to her voice is gone. The last time I heard Haruka sound like this was when we first had lunch together, and she told me about her father. 
Haruka: ...it’s just that… I’ve never really been that great at school. I tried but, I always liked to do other things, like meet people or draw. 
Haruka: ...But after I finished middle school, and my Mom went back to work... I just see her try so hard. I can’t idle away while she’s working so hard for us… 
MC: I see…
Haruka: So I decided I’d get into a good college and make good money in an office, just like my Mom. So that she doesn’t have to work so hard all the time. I study and study, and my grades really have improved but… 
M: Haruka looks at her paper.Her eyes appear glossy and red, as if she’s holding back tears.
Haruka: With grades like these, I don’t know how I’ll be able to do any of that… 
MC: Haruka… 
M: My chest started to fill with sorrow. She’s been studying so hard… for the sake of others… 
M: I want to say something comforting. I need to go back *there*. I need to unlock the right words… now more than ever… 
SPRING 3 GOOD END
MC: Haruka… you’re too hard on yourself.
Haruka: Eh? 
M: The words came out even before Haruka could fizzle back into my vision. Once again, that *place* has guided me.  
MC: You think of everyone else’s happiness all the time, and don’t give yourself enough credit. You said you struggled before, right? So… since you’ve made progress…
MC: You should be proud.
Haruka: …
Haruka: You’re so kind, you know… 
Haruka: I’m still pretty sad right now, so I probably can’t feel it yet but… 
Haruka: Thank you… you’re right… I should be proud.
Haruka: To be honest, I… I can’t really imagine myself cooped up in a corporate building. My mom complains about work meetings and conflict all the time, yet she’s able to lead all those people… 
Haruka: I just can’t really see myself doing that. My mom always said I took after my father in that way… he was a freelance creative writer. A ‘free bird,’ she’d call it 
Haruka: I always thought I’d be like that too, but with art. But…
M: Haruka shifts around uncomfortably, looking down at the ground.
Haruka: But… I can’t support my family doing that.
MC: But your dad…? Didn’t he support you guys when he was a writer?
Haruka: Mhm, yeah… but that was because he worked freelance for years, so he was able to build a loyal clientele. I don’t want to make my mom wait for that… 
Haruka: So, I decided I’d throw that dream away, for the sake of my mom… and my brother too, of course. I want him to be able to chase his dreams, and be happy.
MC: But…
MC: What about your happiness? 
Haruka: Hm?
MC: Your mom, doesn’t she work hard for you? I’m sure of it… the fact she taught you all her recipes and works long hours... she wants you to be happy. I don’t know her but
MC: I have a feeling she wouldn’t want to hear her daughter say that she’s throwing away her dreams for the sake of her mother. There’s something that I really admire about your altruism, Haruka. But, I think you should remember that
MC: It’s okay to live for yourself, too.
Haruka: Ah…
M: I made sure my words were said with certainty, out of hope she would believe them too. I may have just met Haruka this year but… she has already shown me so much kindness.
M: Despite going through similar tragic events, she still thinks of others. While I… just let time pass by. In my own world.
M: So this time, I want to make something out of my hurt. I want to be like Haruka, and use it to help others. Especially her.
Haruka: … I was wrong about you… 
MC: H-Huh?
Haruka: At the road with the cherry blossoms… I called you dark, remember?
M: I do. She giggles. Typical Haruka... even when she’s sad.
Haruka: Now you’re the one being optimistic, and I’m gloomy. But… you’re right. You’ve never met my mom but, she’d totally scold the crap out of me for talking like that!!
M: She looks like she genuinely feels better. I can’t help but smile. 
MC: I told you so. C’mon, I’m sure she’d be proud of your score. And wherever you end up going to college.  
M: I’m also sure she’ll just be proud of raising someone so hardworking and kind, Haruka.
Haruka: Hehe… 
M: Haruka lets out a relieved sigh.
Haruka: Aaah, I do like the library but, it’s so stuffy! Want to celebrate the end of midterms with me? I’m feeling ice cream…
MC: Haha, of course. Except there’s not much to celebrate for me, I barely passed… 
Haruka: Ehhhh? O-Oh no!! I’m sorry!! Here I was complaining…. 
MC: Don’t worry about it Haruka. Let’s go out and celebrate like you said. Oh and maybe before we go, tell your friends you’re okay? They seemed pretty worried.
Haruka: Th-they were? I feel bad… but I’ll tell them. Alright, let’s head out!
M: We grab our things and leave the library. Today, I learned a lot about Haruka. During my short time here, I was able to learn a lot about her. She’s helped me view so many things differently.
M: And today… I was able to return the favor. I think…
M: I would like to continue returning the favor, for a very long time.
SPRING 3 BAD END
MC: It’s okay, I failed too. You’re not alone.
M: After coming back from that *place*, that was all I could muster up. I couldn’t collect all the keys to understanding Haruka… 
Haruka: Eh?? I’m sorry! Here I am complaining, not thinking about how it would sound.
MC: Oh no, that’s not what… 
Haruka: No no, you’re right. It does pull me back into reality knowing that others are in the same boat as I am. Thank you… 
MC: …
M: It doesn’t feel quite right saying ‘You’re Welcome’
M: I shouldn’t have said that… sure, that might have made other people felt better, but…
M: If I understood Haruka better… I would instantly realize that Haruka would just worry about my score instead. So I ended up not comforting her at all… 
Haruka: It’s okay, don’t be sad! Let’s just focus on the fact midterms are over. We can both improve next time!
MC: Y-Yeah… 
Haruka: How about we go get ice cream, hm? My treat! 
M: We head out of the library. I am happy to see Haruka not… so sad, but… 
M: It doesn’t take a genius to figure out she’s trying to cheer me up instead. Somehow, my efforts were counter-intuitive. I’m sorry, Haruka. You’ve showed me so much, and made my time here so pleasant, but…
M: I couldn’t even return the favor… 

SPRING 4
Teacher: ...these youthful years will be coming to an end soon. 
Teacher: But before then, don’t slack off!! Exams are almost upon us! Don’t forget to turn in assignments 3.2-3.4 by the end of this week too!
M: Almost a whole term has passed by since I’ve moved back to my childhood town. I’ve changed so much and experienced so much in this short time that I almost forgot that... eventually it would come to an end.
M: The seed of worry was planted the first time college exams were mentioned. And since then, slowly I’ve spent more and more time realizing I won’t be here forever.
M: I tried to tuck those thoughts away and spend time doing other things, like learning piano, visiting cafes, meeting new people
M: And of course, spending time with Haruka. Since midterms, Haruka has been keen on having me try her food often, so we usually spend lunch together.
M: We always have so much to talk about that we end up finishing our conversations after class so... I usually just walk her home now. It’s a routine I’ve grown accustomed to. 
M: But...
M: Even these happy moments can’t stop time. Soon, my high school years will be over. And soon, we will go our separate ways. These happy times, in this town, at this school, will never happen again. 
M: I tell myself, that it’s just something I have to accept. Time is fleeting. Just like Haruka said about the cherry blossoms last Spring, I should appreciate the temporary things even more…
MC: Before they go...
MC: But I don’t want them to go… 
M: Appreciation only goes so far... I can deal with admiring cherry blossoms from afar, until they dwindle away and the season is over. But Haruka--
Haruka: Hey!
MC: H-Huh?
M: Haruka giggles in front of me. 
Haruka: You’re completely out of it, hehe. I asked if we’re still walking home today?
MC: …
M: These are the moments I don’t want to lose. No matter how mundane, I don’t want these simple things to be... temporary…
MC: Yeah... sorry. I was just thinking…
MC: Do you think we could make a detour on the way home?
Haruka: Hm? Sure, sounds fun! Where did you want to go?
MC: ...secret.
M: Without saying much, we grabbed our bags and headed out. I led the way to somewhere I haven’t been in a while.
Haruka: Hmm? You’re really set on keeping it a secret, huh?
MC: Ha... sorry. We’re almost there.
M: We make our way to a paved path, not too far from the school. A path that isn’t so popular around this time of the year.
M: But there, to me, it will always be Spring. There doesn’t need to be cherry blossoms in full bloom for me to come here. Because... of the memories attached to this place. The people attached to this place.
Haruka: Oh!
M: The bare trees come into view. We stop and look at the trees, dull and colorless.
Haruka: Hehe, I see. This is where we first met, isn’t it?
MC: Mhm…
M: Haruka looks at the trees as if they were dotted with blossoms still.
Haruka: It’s almost the end of the school term already. Time has really flown by!
MC: Yeah… it is, isn’t it…
MC: ...
MC: Haruka…
Haruka: Hm? 
MC: ...I wanted to take you here to say…
MC: Thank you.
Haruka: Thank you? 
MC: For that one day... the first time we met, here. I’ve thought about that conversation a lot, you know… do you remember?
Haruka: Hehe. Of course I do! We talked about the blossoms, and how they don’t last.
MC: Yes. You talked about their temporariness in such a positive way. 
MC: Before then, I resented time, including the moving seasons, and anything that wasn’t permanent... but you helped me see the good in those things. And how to turn it into appreciation. In the way that you do.
Haruka: O-Oh! I’m happy my words... had that effect…
M: Haruka gets flustered. She’s not really good with compliments. You’ve had a lot of impact on me, Haruka. 
MC: Moving time is the only thing guaranteed in life. But I was afraid of the only thing that wasn’t temporary. The only thing that... could take things away. However...
MC: ...you also knew that pain. Yet were somehow so cheerful all the time, and helpful... it made me really wonder, how? How are you okay with time passing by, when everything you know might disappear tomorrow
Haruka: A-Ah…
MC: But, by spending all this time with you, I think... I see how. I couldn’t see it then but, I’ve changed. I’ve...  been healing... Because time passed by... 
M: Because time passed by with you…
Haruka: Hehe. You really have, changed. I can’t make fun of you for being dark anymore, can I? Hehe
Haruka: I think time passing truly is a scary thing. But you’re right, it’s the only thing we’re guaranteed in this life. But it’s a good thing, I think. Passing time means we have time to heal, and time to find happier things.
M: But...
Haruka: Like you! If time just stopped, I would have never met you.
M: But!
Haruka: So I’m grateful for time. Even if it has taken away things precious to me. I am still grateful.
M: But!!!
M: But it takes away so much too, Haruka! 
M: My fists clench. This moment, right now, I am so terribly happy. But that happiness is what makes me so terribly afraid.
M: I’m afraid. But... I don’t want to ruin this... moment with her. 
M: I have to go to *that* place again. I have to know the right thing to say. So I can treasure this moment properly.
M: Please, guide me again. Even if it’s the last time, please, make it count.
SPRING 4 TRUE END
Haruka: ...which is why I think, we should enjoy time--
MC: Even if it takes away you?
Haruka: E-Eh?
MC: I’ve… taken your advice, I really have. I’m cherishing all this time we’re spending together but…but...!
M: That *place* each time... helped me find the words to learn the most about Haruka. The subtleties of her that have helped me see... her truest self... 
MC: You purposely took the time to show me around because you didn’t want me to hurt how you did... you are always hiding your true feelings, like me, because we don’t know how to express them... 
MC: But somehow, we learned to express them to each other. That is too special to me to lose. And you... you even considered giving up your happiness, your dreams of doing art, for others. For your family.
MC: I can forgive time for taking away cherry blossoms, because they’ll just come back next year. I can even forgive time for taking away my precious time with you at school, walking home, trying your lunches…
MC: But I can’t forgive time... if it means...
MC: Taking away... you.
M: Haruka looked at me with a stunned face. I don’t know what came over me but... 
M: I don’t regret it. Haruka is a precious friend. She’s more than that, she’s... a confidant. Someone I can trust. Someone I deeply care about. I shouldn’t hide my feelings around her.
Haruka: ...I’m...glad…
MC: H-Huh?
M: Haruka says in a quiet voice. I could barely hear her words.
Haruka: I’m... I’m glad you said that, because...
Haruka: I’m afraid too.
MC: !
Haruka: I’m afraid of time taking away things, again, too. I’m afraid of not seeing my friends after graduation. I’m afraid of starting a new life again. I’m afraid...
Haruka: I’m afraid of losing you, too.
MC: Haruka…
Haruka: I’m afraid. You’re right, this school term, we’ve become so close. I’m able to express myself freely, around you. You helped me do that. You even helped me... chase my dreams... 
Haruka: After our conversation at the library, I applied to many art schools and…I just got accepted into a really promising one... so thank you. You’ve impacted me a lot, too.
MC: R-Really? That’s fantastic!! I’m so happy for you... 
Haruka: Hehe... I wouldn’t have found the courage to do so, if we hadn’t talked that one time in the library. 
Haruka: But... even with all these things to look forward to though, I still felt afraid. Not knowing if... you’d be there... 
M: My chest felt full. I am so happy in this moment. Hearing her... feel the same way that I do... I somehow feel less afraid.
MC: Haruka... no matter where we end up, I won’t let time take you away. I’ll still talk to you. Even if it isn’t every day like how we’re used to, I’ll still... make memories with you.
Haruka: Really?
M: I give her a smile and a nod. Haruka is usually the one teaching me things about myself, giving comfort... so I feel warm inside the few times I get to be the one who gives reassurance.
MC: I’m still worried, of course but... since you feel the same way... I don’t have to be afraid of time taking you away. If we both keep in touch, right?
Haruka: Hehe. You’re right. There’s nothing to be afraid of. Remember? I said ‘Let’s get along’ that one day. 
Haruka: I didn’t give any expiration date for that!
MC: Heh. Alright, now that that’s out of the way…Let’s get ice cream at that one place we went to after midterms. To celebrate you getting into art school!
Haruka: !!! That sounds good! Even if it’s cold, it’s been a while since we’ve been there
MC: Yeah, thought you’d like that. What school are you going to, anyways?
Haruka: Oh yeah! H Art School, it’s pretty far... 
MC: H!!?
Haruka: Hm? Do you know of it? It’s not that well known... 
MC: U-Uh ...No, sorry, I was mistaken. A-Anyways, what ice cream flavor should I get this time? Haha...
M: H Art School is where my dad lives. Where I’ll be going back, after I finish high school. Time passing is strange but... fate is even stranger, isn’t it?
M: I’ll find the right time to tell her, but
M: for now, I am content. In this little place, even though it’s winter and the trees lack color and the sky is dim
M: It’s Spring, to me. I’m back to where the cherry blossoms are in full blossom. I’m back to starting a new term. I’m back to my first day at school.
M: And I’m back to where I first met Haruka.
M: Those things... will never be temporary to me. 
M: Because I’ll always have those memories of last Spring.
M: And just like the cherry blossoms that come back every Spring…
M: I know we will cross paths again.

SPRING 4 GOOD END
Haruka: ...which is why I think, we should enjoy time--
MC: Even if it takes away you?
Haruka: E-Eh?
MC: I’ve… taken your advice, I really have. I’m cherishing all this time we’re spending together but…
MC: I can’t help but think of after we graduate, you know? No more walking home together... no more tasting your homemade lunches... 
MC: I can forgive time for taking away cherry blossoms, because they’ll just come back next year, but... 
MC: What about time taking away... you…?
M: Haruka looked at me with a stunned face. I don’t know what came over me but... 
M: I don’t regret it. Haruka is a precious friend. I shouldn’t hide my feelings around her.
Haruka: ...I’m...glad…
MC: H-Huh?
M: Haruka says in a quiet voice. I could barely hear her words.
Haruka: I’m... I’m glad you said that
Haruka: Because... I’m afraid too.
MC: !
Haruka: I’m afraid of time taking away things, again, too. I’m afraid of not seeing my friends after graduation. I’m afraid of starting a new life again. I’m afraid...
Haruka: I’m afraid of losing you, too.
MC: Haruka...
Haruka: And I wish I could guarantee that these times wouldn’t end, but I can’t do that. I can’t even convince myself that, but...
Haruka: Surely if... time led me to meet you. I’m sure... 
Haruka: It will lead me to you, again.
MC: Haha... that is so much like you, you know.
M: That’s right. Time led me to her, too. I don’t know where we’ll be going after graduation. I don’t even know if our paths will even cross again. 
M: Of course, I want them to, but... 
M: For now, I am content. In this little place, even though it’s winter and the trees lack color and the sky is dim
M: It’s Spring, to me. I’m back to where the cherry blossoms are in full blossom. I’m back to starting a new term. I’m back to my first day at school.
M: And I’m back to where I first met Haruka.
M: Those things... will never be temporary to me. 
M: Because after this, even if time passes by, and I never see Haruka again, even if we never cross paths or say a word to each other after this wonderful moment
M: I will always, always... 
M: Have those memories from last Spring.
SPRING 4 BAD END
Haruka: ...which is why I think, we should enjoy time, while it’s in the present.
MC: ...
M: I went back to that place but... I couldn’t do it.
M: I can’t ruin this moment. And like Haruka said... I should just enjoy the moment now.
MC: You’re right... there’s nothing to be afraid of. Thank you for coming here, Haruka.
Haruka: A-Ah... yeah, of course!
MC: ...hey...next Spring... 
MC: I wonder what will be different about this town... and how this place will look again, when the cherry blossoms are in bloom
Haruka: Ah, yeah! Our high school was new, so who knows what else might be new next year, hehe.
Haruka: At least we know the cherry blossoms will be pretty, just like last spring, right?
MC: Mhm, definitely.
M: Next Spring... 
M: I wonder where we’ll be. Perhaps she’ll still be here, in this little town... helping her mom out... enjoying family and friends
M: And maybe I’ll be in a university far away. Maybe I’ll forget about the short year, back in this town... I turn to Haruka. 
Haruka: Hm?
M: No... I can’t forget her. At least, not yet, not right now... 
M: Because right now even though it’s winter and the trees lack color and the sky is dim
M: It’s Spring, to me. I’m back to where the cherry blossoms are in full blossom. I’m back to starting a new term. I’m back to my first day at school.
M: And I’m back to where I first met Haruka.
M: Haruka, it’s going to hurt when we go our separate ways. It’s going to hurt like hell, but
M: Even if those things are temporary... 
M: The barren trees prove to me how dull life would be without temporary treasures in life.
M: So if somehow, we cross paths again, just like that Spring day we met... 
M: Please reach out to me again.



WINTER 1
M: Today is particularly cold…
M: I’ll spend some time warming up inside before heading home. 
MC: Maybe I’ll check out the music rooms...
M: I walk towards the music rooms...
M: ...only to find them mostly empty and unused.
M: Before I could explore inside, a gentle sound of a piano catches my attention. It’s so faint, I almost missed it. 
MC: Sounds like it’s coming from the end of the hall...
M: It’s too quiet for me to recognize it, but I swear I’ve heard this before…
M: As if each note is beckoning me to come nearer, I follow the noise until I’m only a few steps away from the room.
MC: Clair de lune… 
M: It’s one of my favorites. I stand there, dazed, letting the music fill my ears… the air… the hall… 
M: That’s right. She used to play this.
M: The painful nostalgia pinches at my chest, but the notes engulf that feeling like a comforting blanket of snow. For the first time in a while, I felt so…
MC: at peace. 
M: As soon as those words leave my mouth, a little louder than intended, an abrupt silence cuts off the sound.
M: The beautiful arrangement was replaced by a staccato of footsteps, slowly heading towards the door. Shoot… They heard me...
M: …
M: ...
M: I panic as the steps grow near.
M: The door opens… and a the mysterious pianist emerges from the other side. She stares at me with a blank look, her cold eyes staring sharply through me like icicles. 
MC: Uhhhh….
M: Momentarily, I was stunned. 
Touka: … 
M: Oh god… I look like a creep now… 
Touka: ...I’m done with the music room. My apologies if I took long. Feel free to use it...
MC: O-Oh, no no please feel free to keep playing. I didn’t mean to interrupt, I just really liked your playing… 
M: The mystery player’s eyes widened slightly. 
Touka: Mm. Is that so.  …Thank you.
M: Her tone is hard to read, cold but not unfriendly...
MC: Yeah… I just transferred and wandered off here.
Touka: Mm…
Touka: If you were looking for a club to join, music clubs don’t usually practice on these days… So I am sure if you come another day, you could join.
MC: Ah, oh… thank you.
M: She doesn’t say much, and comes off a little cold but… that was nice information to share with a stranger who interrupted her piano session. Somehow her calm demeanor calmed my racing nerves from before. 
M: It’s comforting to be able to share silence with another person.
Touka: ... Debussy. 
MC: H-Hm? 
Touka: You said you liked my playing. It’s a classic by Debussy… Have you heard… before…? 
M: Yes… I love Clair de Lune. I’ve listened to it since I was a child. I want to talk to her about the piece she was playing, it was so beautiful, but…
M: There are a lot of emotions attached to that song. I don’t really know how to talk about it while avoiding the sentimental value of the song.
M: I search my mind for the right words to say…  
M: The key to answering honestly, without going into detail to a pure stranger…What could it be…? 
WINTER 1 GOOD END
M: ...I know what to say.
MC: Yes, Clair de Lune. I used to hear it  a lot… when I was younger. It’s one of my favorite classics to hear on piano. 
Touka: Clair de Lune… I’m glad you recognized it. Seems like you grew up with a piano in the house… must have been nice… 
MC: Yeah, we were lucky to afford one. Unfortunately, we don’t have it any more though, they take up a lot of space. 
Touka: Mhm… and they’re an expensive investment. That’s why… I come here a lot. To practice. Not many people in this town are interested in this kind of music, to be honest. At least in a professional sense…
M: Professional? She must be really serious about piano...
Touka: … I failed to introduce myself before, but... my name is Touka Akamatsu. If you ever want to hear more Debussy, or discuss classics… feel free to come by... 
Touka: I could… even teach you to play piano if you want to learn.
M: Piano? I’ve always admired it, but I never really learned to play myself. I don’t really have anything else to do, I might as well learn. And maybe… learn more about Touka too. 
MC: Sure, I would love to hear more piano some time. Nice to meet you, Touka.
Touka: ...likewise...
M: Throughout our whole conversation, Touka’s expression never changed. However, maybe it’s my imagination, but…her eyes seemed warmer than before. 
M: Just a bit. 
WINTER 1 BAD END
M: I tried to think, but… I just couldn’t find the words to express myself.
MC: N-No... I didn’t hear much of it, sorry.
Touka: Ah… I see...
Touka: …
Touka: Well. If you would like to listen again, I am usually here. If you’re ever looking for me… you can ask for Touka Akamatsu...
MC: Really? If it’s not a bother, I will certainly come here again. It was nice meeting you, Touka. 
Touka: Mhm...
M: As I turn around to leave, I swear I could still feel her gaze…
M: Almost colder than when we first met.



AUTUMN 1
MC: Another tiring day…
M: I peer out the classroom window and see a breeze take a trail of leaves across the field. It’s comfortable weather, but the cool breeze makes me want to cozy up inside. 
M: The wind blows even harder, and I see more leaves carried off to a nearby cafe. It’s a common place for high schoolers to go after school since it’s so near. 
MC: What a smart place to put a coffee shop... It’s on the way home, might as well treat myself to a cup of coffee. 
M: I prepare my things and make my way over to the quaint little shop.
Akiko: Welcome!! Have a seat right over here please~
M: The tall waitress cheerfully beckons me over, with a welcoming smile. Her warm colored hair and charming smile made me welcomed.
M: A feeling I’ve been longing for since coming back.
MC: Thank you…
Akiko: My name is Akiko, if you need anything at all please let me know~ 
M: Her voice was soft and warm, yet had a sense of maturity to it. Almost motherly.
MC: Hmmm, I’ll have a vanilla latte, with almond milk please. 
Akiko: Alright! One vanilla latte with almond milk coming up~ 
M: Akiko swiftly spins on her heal and leaves, her long russet strands of hair sweeping behind her like autumn leaves in the wind.
M: As I wait, I sit and bask in the cafe’s calm ambiance.  The cozy aura mingled with the scent of coffee grounds felt like heaven compared to the stark breeze outside. I sniffle a few times just at the thought of the cold weather. 
M: Her name was Akiko… right? I turn to see the busy waitress hopping from table to table, yet always maintaining her warm demeanor. Must be hard to memorize all those orders by herself… 
M: I realized too late that I was staring at her too long, and Akiko meets my gaze with a friendly grin. She begins making her way to my table again. 
Akiko: Sorry about the wait. Here is your latte~ 
M: She sets the cup down, and a packet of tissues. 
MC: Oh I didn’t-- 
Akiko: So sorry, I’ll be right back! 
M: Before I could comment on the tissues she misplaced, she’s running off to greet more customers at the door. I wonder why she left these here… 
M: There’s no way she saw me sniffling before and left these for me? No… that’d be silly to think she’d notice that… Before I could make a reasonable conclusion, I see Akiko rushing back to my table. 
Akiko: Sorry about that, I had to take care of the last few customers. Phew! 
Akiko: I wanted to talk to you though. 
MC: M-me? 
Akiko: Ehh? Aww don’t tell me you don’t remember your own class rep… 
M: !!! 
M: Now that I think about it, she did seem familiar. And she’s wearing our class uniform. I’m such an idiot... 
M: Akiko seemed to catch onto my realization. She giggles. 
Akiko: Hehehe, no need to worry, I’m not upset~ I’ll introduce myself personally. My name is Akiko Shimizu. You’re our new transfer, hmm? 
MC: Y-Yeah. Sorry, I remember you now.
M: I remember when she walked in the classroom, she had quite the presence. She was taller and mature looking, with an atmosphere around her to match. From her demeanor alone, she gave off the impression of a responsible, intelligent girl.
Akiko: No worries at all. Are you here to study for your college entrance exams, hmm? 
MC: A-Actually, no… I just wanted to enjoy some warm coffee.
M: With all of the… recent events in my life this past year, I almost forgot about college exams. I should probably start studying soon...
Akiko: Ehhh? They’re really important, you know. You only get one shot! 
Akiko: However, rest is important too. If you ever fall too behind though, this cafe is a pleasant place to study. At least, I think so. 
M: Her words sounded firm, yet her tone remained warm and friendly. As expected of a class rep. I sniffle a few more times, and Akiko looks at me with a concerned look on her face.
Akiko: Ahh, coffee isn’t good for colds you know. Let me grab you some tea. 
MC: Ah wait, it’s oka-- 
M: Before I could even get the rest of my sentence out, she’s already up and gone. 
MC: *Sigh* What a quick girl. I can’t keep up.
M: I sniffle a few more times. I could really use a tissue right now...My eyes veer towards the tissues, still next to my untouched latte. 
M: If she accidently left them here, that’d be pretty rude if I just took one… but… my nose… 
M: I quickly grab a tissue and blow my nose. 
MC: Ah… what a life saver.
M: Akiko comes back to the table with a steaming cup of tea. 
Akiko: Here you go~
M: How caring… she isn’t even charging me. And, I’m pretty sure she left those tissues on purpose… so…
M: What could I possibly say to convey my appreciation properly? I don’t know anything about her…
M: Think… think...
AUTUMN 1 GOOD END
M: Of course… 
M: For someone who seems mature like Akiko, it’s best to just be straightforward with my thoughts.
MC: ...thank you for the tissues. And tea. I noticed you’re on , so… I hope you’re able to take a break for yourself too. 
MC: Like you said, rest is important.
M: Akiko gave me a surprised look. Then, to my surprise, she bursts into laughter.
Akiko: Ohoho~ It isn’t often someone lectures their class rep, ohoho~
Akiko: Mm, but… your observation is correct. It’s a tiringgg dayyy 
M: She lets out a long sigh and sits in the chair in front of me.
Akiko: Mind if your class rep has a cup of coffee with you~?
MC: N-No, of course not but… I’m not getting you in trouble with work, am I?
Akiko: Ohoho~ No no. I’m not really on clock right now, I’m just helping out because someone couldn’t come in. This cafe is owned by my parents. I help out when I can but, they’d rather have me focus on studying.
MC: Ah… that makes more sense. 
M: Wow… she seems to have a lot on her plate. Yet she still wants to help out her family’s business. Yet here I am… idling away… 
MC: That’s very kind of you, Akiko. You must find your family important.
Akiko: Mhm! I’d do anything for them.
Akiko: How about you, hmm? Are you close with your family too?
MC: U-Uh… 
M: A jolt of sadness takes over. I don’t really know how to answer that directly.
MC: ...I’m currently living alone while I finish up my studies, so…
Akiko: Ehhh? How lonely… Mm, well, I have to go soon, but if it ever gets too lonely, feel free to stop by here! I’m usually here, and if I’m not working
Akiko: We can study too!
M: The sorrow in my chest was slowly replaced by Akiko’s warm offer.
MC: Yes. I would like that.
Akiko: Great! I’ll see you soon~ study hard~
M: She smiles and swiftly leaves in the same fashion as before. I sit there, smiling to myself. Feeling even warmer than before.
M: I think I found a new place to study.
AUTUMN 1 BAD END
MC: … 
M: I couldn’t think of anything. I guess I’ll just play it off… 
MC: Here are the tissues by the way. I think you left them here earlier.
Akiko: Oh! Woops~
M: Her surprised expression couldn’t fool me. She left them here on purpose… I feel bad.
MC: Thank you for the tea, Akiko. You seem quite busy so, I’ll get going.
M: Akiko smiles in an understanding way. I can’t tell if she looks disappointed or just tired. Or both.
Akiko: Sure thing. Come by anytime, okay?
M: I say my goodbyes and leave the cozy little coffee shop. I stand alone in the afternoon breeze.
M: Somehow, it felt even colder.


SUMMER 1
M: The weather was fair and sunny, a perfect day to check out the school’s field. 
MC: Maybe there will be sport clubs practicing today, if I’m lucky…
M: I walk to an open field, the sun basking lightly on the fresh green grass. I could hear faint cheering and yelling.
Natsuki: Hey…!!! Hey you!!!! 
MC: ??? 
M: I hear a small yet aggressive voice call out in my direction. Is she talking to… me?? 
M: A girl runs off the track circle excitedly towards my direction, her golden ponytail contrasting with the bright blue hues of the sky. 
Natsuki: C’mon, I was waving to you stupid!!
M: Ok. She’s definitely talking to me but… 
M: The peculiar girl notices my discomfort and confusion. Maybe we really did meet? I feel like I would’ve recognized someone this… er,
M: ...noticeable… 
MC: Hi…? 
M: The sunny girl responds with a displeased pout. 
Natsuki: Is that our school uniform?? How could you not tell me you were transferring here? 
M: This girl is not getting it. 
M: My best bet is to just play along.
MC: Y-Yeah, I moved here recently. Are you on the track team? 
M: She gives me a skeptical look. 
Natsuki: Hmmph, you sure changed. 
Natsuki: Anyways, yeah. I’m the girl’s track captain now.
M: She smiles proudly at her statement.
MC: Wow, that’s pretty cool! Is the school’s team any good?
Natsuki: Eh??? I m-mean… we haven’t won any titles but…
M: Her off-guard demeanor abruptly turns into anger. She shoots a fiery glare.
Natsuki: They try really hard ok??? Don’t disrespect my team! 
MC: Oh wait no I wasn’t-- 
Natsuki: Anyways, you haven’t told me, why didn’t you tell me you were transferring back here?
Natsuki: You don’t even seem excited to see me… after all these years… 
M: Her bright demeanor dims to a single candle, and her voice lowers for the first time in our meeting.
M: Crap… now I feel bad… 
M: She said after all these years though... 
M: I dig my brain for answers.
M: Who could she be…? 
SUMMER 1 GOOD END
M: And then, a flood of childhood memories instantly hit me. 
MC: !!! 
MC: Natsuki? Natsuki Kawakami? 
M: Natsuki’s face lights up instantly.
Natsuki: Yeah you big idiot!! What took you so long??? 
Natsuki: Hmmph, whatever. I guess I have matured into quite the beauty, fufufu~
M: Wrong. Well, at least her height hasn’t changed much. 
M: However, she has certainly…
M: changed...
M: Natsuki and I grew up together in this town, and I spent the majority of my summer vacations with her.
M: That is, until I moved away. 
M: She cried a bunch of tears that day, and yelled at her parents for not letting her come with me.
M: I let out a relieving sigh. With all the cosmetic changes to my hometown, it was reassuring to something familiar. 
MC: Heh, I guess you have grown up a bit. And wow, look at you! You’re track captain now. 
MC: I remember you always loved the outdoors as a kid. We really got into some trouble because of some of your ideas, you know. 
Natsuki: My ideas??? It’s only because your baby butt BEGGED to come along. 
M: Wrong, again. She always clinged to me. But she never liked to admit it. 
Natsuki: Anyways, don’t be a stranger. We’re schoolmates now, kay?? I have to get back to practice. 
MC: Definitely. It was nice to see you again, Natsuki.
Natsuki: Hmmph, whatever. 
M: Her dismissive words contradicted the smile that I knew she was holding back. 
M: It truly was nice to see her again. 
SUMMER 1 BAD END 
M: I tried and tried to think but…
M: I just couldn’t remember who she was.
MC: I’m really sorry, but…
MC: Who... are you...?
M: As the words left my mouth, I could see a hint of hurt appear on the girl’s face. 
Natsuki: … Natsuki. Natsuki Kawakami.
M: As soon as she said her name, I felt a flood of nostalgia take over. 
M: Natsuki and I grew up together, and I spent the majority of my summer vacations with her.
M: That is, until I moved away. 
M: She cried a bunch of tears that day, and yelled at her parents for not letting her come with me.
M: How could I forget? 
MC: Natsuki, shoot. Of course I remember! It’s so nice to be in the same school again.  
Natsuki: Idiot! Not nice enough for you to remember, I guess. Hmph. 
Natsuki: ...It is nice to see your big dumb face again too. 
MC: Heh. I’m sorry though, for not realizing earlier. 
Natsuki: Whatever, I don’t care. It’s been years anyways, I just remembered you c-cause… 
Natsuki: Cause who else has an idiot face like you! I could spot it a mile a way…
M: Those words hung in the air. They didn’t mean to but, they made me feel even more ashamed. 
Natsuki: A-Anyways… I have to go back to practice so… 
Natsuki: Feel free to show your stupid face here again. If you want. 
M: She runs off before I could say anything back. 
MC: Natsuki…
MC: Sorry… 